Testing 1, 2, 3. Testing 1, 2, 3.
Today is what, April the 8th? April the 8th. 1979,
and we're here to talk about the Texas A&M
University Press. What I'd like to talk about
first, though, is John Lindsay, and ask you to tell
me a little bit about your childhood, where you
were born, how you happened to become an Aggie, and
all that stuff. I mean, incidentally, have you
been interviewed formally like this for A&M at
all? Yes, I have. Mary Ellen Bowers did. She's got a
film now on film on some of these things. Anyway,
let's do it again. Tell me a little about your
childhood. Where were you born? Actually, I was
born in Waxahachie, Texas. My father was born and
raised in Illinois and came down here during World
War I and met a mother who lived in Waxahachie.
I didn't live there but about one year of my life,
however, so I don't remember it all.
We moved to Houston when I was about one year old, so
I've really called myself a native Houstonian.
There you are.
My father graduated from Wesleyan University in
Middletown, Connecticut. My mother was a music
major at Columbia, so they had no connection with
any universities in this part of the world. But I
had a lot of friends at high school at Lamar and a lot
of them went to NM during the reign of John
Kimbrough, the football team. So that really
swayed me a lot at NM because I had a lot of friends
that went there the year before I did. They came by
my house and Their parents were friends of my
parents, and so that's how I got to steward the
Texas A&M. Let's get a little on the hard data. When
were you born? What's your birthday? My birthday
is July the 28th, 1922. And when did you arrive at
Texas A&M? In 1940, in the fall of 1940.
And what were you planning to do when you got there?
I had no idea what I was going to do. I'm still trying
to figure out what I'm going to do. No, I started out
in engineering
because I really didn't know what to do. Excuse me.
That didn't last very long, and I switched to a
major in economics and a minor in accounting and
statistics, which is now the business field, I
guess you could say. That was in liberal arts, I
made it with the family. Good work, liberal arts,
right. That's correct. finished A&M, or did you
get called into service? Well, I got called into
service, right. We went year-round to school, you
know, so in the
summer of 43, we got called into Fort Sam Houston.
They picked up the class of 44 and 45 one night, late
at night. We got on the train and went to San
Antonio. And from there, we I went to the
various... No, we did not get our degrees. I was 14
hours short. Some did, a class of 43 did. But 44 and
45 did not. And we went to, all of us went to Fort Sam,
Houston. And then we sort of spread out from there.
They sent us to, the engineers went to engineering
school, OCS rather,
and the infantry went to the infantry . And I was in
the field artillery, so I went to Fort
Sill at the moment. And got a, graduated from OCS,
second lieutenant, and stayed at Fort Sill. for
about a year and a half and then went overseas to
Italy. Did you do training? Yes, basic training.
And so then you went overseas in 45? January of 45.
Europe,
France? Italy. Italy. Yeah. Going to combat?
Well, no. I was at a replacement. They didn't need
any field artillery officers. I was a field
artillery officer, and there were several of us,
and they didn't need any field artillery
officers. And we were in this replacement
training center waiting to be called up by
somebody. And while I was there, I was just there
for six months, and while I was there, the war was
over. So we got on the ship at Lake Horn, Italy, and
went... through the Panama Canal to Manila in the
Philippines. Oh, did you? Oh, they just picked you
up. Yep. We went straight across. Forty-five days
on the ocean liner. You won't forget that. No, I
won't forget that. I will not forget that. That was
quite a trip. I'll bet that was. Then in the
Philippines, I was there when the atomic bomb was
dropped on Japan. We rejoiced, of course, and I
still am rejoicing about that. It saved my life. No
question about it. And then after that, we left the
Philippines and went to Japan, and I spent a year in
the Army of Occupation in Japan. In Tokyo? In
Tokyo. By that side of Tokyo. About 20 miles north
of Tokyo. Yeah, it's a beautiful, beautiful
place. I haven't been back. I know I should. So far
away. Yeah. We went to talk to some of the rice
farmers. Yeah. They were trying to keep American
rice out. Sure. I don't know what the process was,
why I was there, but it was really interesting. I
think they were trying to open the door just to
crime or something, which they had. It's a
beautiful, beautiful country. Boy, it's a
mixture of evil and violence.
Right. Excuse me. That's all right. So then you're
in Japan for about a year. Right. Came home in July
of 49. six after spending 18 months overseas and
got married and entered A&M in the fall. Graduated
in January of 47.
Now, when you came back, you didn't go back and
record pedestrians. No. No, they didn't. We had a
veterans group. Yeah, that was a tough time.
Right. That's correct. This was a tough time for
NM. Boy, NM didn't know what it was in those days. We
had the Board of Regents, I think, was still
holding on to their all-military, but they didn't
know what to do with the veterans that wanted to
come back. But they, we were separate from the
Corps. There were a lot of us, many veterans as it
were, in those
days. Did you, you were married while you were
back? Yes, we were married. Lived in Park Hall. My
wife, my wife became an Aggie during those days.
She went to school in the east, so she didn't go to
school in Texas either. So it was really nice for
her to get that experience. She really loved it.
She liked midnight jail practices and going with
the girls to shop. It was fun. So after graduation,
where did you go? Well, I came back to Houston. And
my father was in the insurance business. There
again, I didn't know what I wanted to do, but he
talked me into coming to interview with the
company that he worked for. Who was that? I did. And
I did, and went to work there. And he and I worked in
the same area. for five or six years, and then we
decided to form the Lindsay Insurance Agency,
which we did in 1954.
And we've been in that business ever since. You're
being mechanical. Yes. My father lived for a long
time. He died when he was 90. So, you know, he still
came to the office a lot during that time. My
brother has an agency in Shreveport. Oh, he does?
Yeah.
Casualty. They did pretty good up there, in fact.
You know, they had some really bad years. Right.
Right. Well, we've certainly enjoyed our
business,
and it's been a great hour of changing. It's the
kind of business that you can spend as much time as
you want to on it, and then you have time for other
things, too. Of course, in my lifetime, I need a lot
of time free, and I'm a long way from it.
When did you get re-involved with Texas A&M? Right
off the bat. It was an interesting thing. I had
heard from a friend of mine that they had every
money at the Rice Hotel, and my office was in the
Sterling Building, which is right down the street
about two blocks from Rice. So my first Monday that
I was at work, I went to the Rice Hotel for lunch. And
the president of the, I didn't know a soul in the
room, the president of the NM Club was asking
people if anybody had gone to Milby High School and
somebody held up their hand. Just when I walked in,
I didn't know what they were talking about, and
they said, well, we've got so-and-so and
so-and-so plays football at Milby, and the coach
wants somebody, one of the alumni, to go by and see
this guy. And did you do it? Oh, yeah, I'll do it.
Then he said, does anybody here from Lamar High
School? Nobody held that kind of hand. So there you
are. And that's where I got started. Boy, howdy. I
had a tiger by the tail on the first one, too. It was
Robert Smith, who was a handbag in high school. i
stayed with him i'm telling you how sarah my wife
stayed married to me because like this thing but he
was he was very highly recruited by everybody and
uh won't go into all those details but it was a
really a tough situation when he ended up losing he
went to two lanes and when he got to two lane he
didn't like it over there so he called me and said
that uh Did I come over and help him lead Tulane? So
anyway, we got him out of Tulane and back here. And
got him up to A&M. And he was an All-American
halfback. He was a great football player. So it was
very, very satisfying. So what year was that? I was
trying to think. Tulane had some good teams in the
1940s and 50s. Yeah, they sure did. They sure did.
This was in 40. And Bob Smith went on to,
actually, it was midterm of 48 when he got to A&M, I
think, because he went to Tulane and went on to...
to go to graduate from Lamar, and then went to
Tulane, and then at mid-term, I think it was
mid-term that we picked him up at Andrew again. So,
49 and 50 was one of his big years. Then he went on to
play for the Detroit Lions, professional
football. Well, I know Aggies, I guess, pretty
well, but why were you so fascinated with
continuing your A&M activities? I don't know. I
don't know. I just have no idea. Most Aggies don't.
No, I know. A lot of them don't. But I don't know why.
I don't know why. I did, though, and I liked the
school, and I liked all my friends up there, and it
was just a fun thing to do. And it still has been for
you, obviously. And it still has been, still is. It
still is. I can't help but be interested in almost
everything that happens up there. Let's jump to
the press. Would you first begin to get an idea or
hear about an A&M Press or get involved with Warren
Law, maybe which came first? It was Buck Shewitz
and I were good friends and I liked his work and the
course and he and I had become real close. And he
told me one day, he said, I've got a friend at the
University of Texas that you need to know, that you
all really like each other. His name is Frank
Wardlaw. And I said, well, Buck, you know, I don't
go to the University of Texas very often. I don't
know that I'll ever meet him, but if he ever comes
here, well, I'd like to meet him. Well, he kept
saying, you need to come over to the press and talk
to him. And Buck had gone over to Austin and visited
the press, and he knew all those people that Frank
dealt with and some of the authors that were over
there. And Frank was trying to get a book done on
Buck's fuels. Oh, even before he came over? Right.
Oh, yeah. And I didn't really know that at the time.
But finally one day, um, Buck called me from
Austin, and he said that they were having a party at
the UT Press for, um, well, and they just walked,
just walked out here. Who was the great, Dobie?
Okay, Bessie. Is it Bessie Dobie? Bertha, Bertha
Dobie? Jay Frank Dobie's wife, widow. It's
Bertha. I believe it's Bertha Dobie. Anyway, they
were having a party for Bertha Dobie. She was still
living. And the press was having this event, and he
said, John, this is the time for you to come over. I
want you to meet Bertha, I want you to meet Frank
Waterball, and I want you to meet all these other
people that are over here. This is a good place of
mine, and I want to meet you. So I reluctantly drove
over to Austin. What year was
this? Oh, I don't know. It was in the late 60s, I
guess. 67 or 68, somewhere in there.
I've just forgotten what year that was. But
anyway, went over there and I had a wonderful time.
And Buck was right. Frank and I hit it off right from
the very beginning. And I didn't know that Frank
was kind of behind Buck pushing me to come over
there. And I found out later why he was trying to get
me over there. Because he knew, Frank Warlock knew
that I had influence with Buck. And he, and finally
he just got me in this, obviously he said, John, I'm
going to lay it on the table. I want to do a book on
Buck Sheebert's art. And I can't get him, I can't
nail him down, but I think you can. He said. Right. I
would like for you to do this book and to get some
pictures, get the pictures of us, and I'm going to
let you run with it. You do pick the ones, you pick
the pictures, you pick the author, you do the whole
thing. And I would not get in the way. If you do that
for me, it would be a wonderful, it would just be a
wonderful thing for everybody. And I, of course,
I've never done anything like that before. But I
agreed to do it. And so that took about a year and a
half or two years to research that and get those
pictures out. And so we did a book at the UT Press.
And it has my name all over it. I mean, it's picked by
John Lindsay. And the only book by Shewitz that was
done by the UT Press. It was fun, though. But in
doing the book,
I took pictures of people, of my friends that had
them. Poured the picture, told them I just have it,
and gave it back to them. And it happened to be near
Thanksgiving. And they relate, which I didn't
realize was possible, and it was possible. And the
pictures were kept over Thanksgiving. And I
remember one of the Victor friends who had her
out-of-town guest coming, and they had that sheet
which was over the mantel. And they didn't have a
picture of that over the mantel. No, they chewed me
out for that. I got, oh, they were furious that they
couldn't get the picture done. Anyway, I got some
very good experience in book publishing. at UT
Press. Let me ask you now, do you consider yourself
a book person? No. No, I'm not. Yeah, I didn't think
you were. No, I'm not. I'm not a book person at all.
But I know the value of books, though. And I do
realize that there are a lot of book people, a lot of
book people. And I do know that... Well, I didn't
know if you had some secret love affair with books.
No, I don't. It wasn't that at all. This was for the
Pugsheewitz thing. And I really wasn't thinking
about, at that particular time, I don't know that I
really thought about the press at A&M, but I really
was just kind of getting used to what a press was,
what a university press was. It wasn't the same as
some of the big, big press across the country, the
commercial presses.
But we got that book done, and we laughed and
celebrated about that. And Frank and I were, Frank
was very appreciative of it. He took, he got us Took
us hunting. My sons, I have two boys, and he took us
hunting. We went to one of his authors.
I can't think of anybody's name right now. Who did
Old Yellow?
The book, and it was later a movie, Old Yellow. Oh, I
should know it too. Anyway, we went to his house.
And my boys just loved it. They had the best time
hunting with Frank. And then Frank liked
baseball. Bird? Deer? Deer. Deer. Uh-huh. And
Frank, there's a funny story on that trip. Frank
liked to hunt in the tree. And he would climb up the
tree and took one of my boys with him. And they were
up in the tree, and Frank told this story himself.
And my son, they were
up there in the choir and everybody
was singing,
and my son was between them. What are you doing? He
said, we're waiting for a dinner. And so my son
said, well, what is that? My son was about six or
seven, I think. This deer had walked up, Frank
didn't even see him. Anyway, that was a funny
experience. But we had become, then Frank and I had
become friends, too. And he liked baseball, as I
said, and when the Astros played, I invited Frank
to come down and he brought some of his friends
down. Gibson, I believe, was
the author of Gibson. But one time, I have a house in
Galveston, a beach house. And Frank likes to go
anywhere in Texas, wherever it was. He loves
Texas. He loves to go to the hill country or on the
beach or wherever. So I told him that I'd like to get
Rosemary
to use my beach house. So I don't remember what year
that was, but he came to my house in Houston and
spent the night.
And we were just visiting the night before, we went
out to dinner, nothing special. And at breakfast,
right after breakfast, we had finished
breakfast. We were sitting, all sitting there. I
was getting ready to go down to my office. And Frank
was complaining about his board at the University
of Texas. Again, he had done this before. But he
started on it again, about how the board of
regents, or the president of the university at the
time, had appointed his press board, advisory
board, and they were all Eastern professors. None
of them cared about Texana at all. They wanted to do
early Swahili, or East Africa, or some way off,
very scholarly thing. Which Frank was interested
in, but he was more interested in Texana than
anything else. And he wanted to have a mix. They did
it. And he kept saying, you know, well, I just, just
out of the blue, I said, well, Frank, why don't you
jump on them? Why don't you get a bit of all those
people? And we'll make a happy life for you at A&M.
And you know, Rosemary looked up. He looked up. And
they, just like
they had the stabbed in the back or something, I
don't know, but they never said a word. Never said,
no, that's not a good idea, hell no, or anything.
They never said anything. And so I said, well, I'm
leaving, I've got to go. So I walked out and came
downtown. And the first thing I got from my
telephone, I called Jack Woodlands. And I said,
Jack, I've got Frank Warlow at my house in Houston.
He's on the way to my beach house in Galveston. And I
have just asked
him to come to Texas A&M. And I think we need a press
there. And Jack said, how much does it cost? That
was his first question. How much does it cost? I
said, I have no idea what the cost is. But he said, I
said, I think we need to look into it and see what it
costs. So Jack had a lot on his mind at this
particular time. I don't know what all it was, but
he had a bunch on his mind. He said, John, I'll tell
you what I'll do. If you give me three members of the
Board of Regents to say, okay, I will look into it.
So,
I talked to three or four members, and I told them my
situation was wrong. And they all said, well, how
much does it cost? And I said, well, I don't know how
much it costs. I said, what we want to do, well,
we're not committing for anything. All we want to
do is to look into what the cost is and see Yeah,
well, Fort Albritton was one of them. And
Guy King, Waco, and the chairman for 18
years, Clyde Wells. And fortunately Clyde had
just become, just started collecting rare books.
He was interested in books. And so he, he was, he was
most interested. He said, well Tom, sounds like a
good idea. Let's, let's do look into that. And I
said, well if you don't mind, Clyde, I'll just call
Jack and tell him that you were in favor of looking
into it. And he said, that'll be fine. So I called
Jack back, and it was about three hours later. I
called him back, and I said, Jack, you got another
job. I got three members, and here they are, and
they're all interested in finding out how much it
costs.
So he looked into it, and it wasn't really all that
expensive to get a press started. He was getting
kind of enthusiastic about it. But he had never met
Frank Wardler. And he'd heard of him. He knew who he
was. Everybody knew who Frank Warhol was. But he
said, well, how are we going to get to, I want to meet
Frank. And I said, well, let me call him and see.
Well, no, I'm jumping ahead of the
game.
Frank called me about three days later from my
house in Galveston during the cocktail hour.
That's what he said, iced tea. It was not iced tea.
He was drinking some jellies and all that. He had
had two or three and was feeling no pain at all. He
said, John, he said, you may not remember this, but
he said, you remember the breakfast table the
other day you suggested? that I leave the
University of Texas at the end of the year, and he
said, I thought that was, I didn't say anything,
but I thought that was the craziest thing I'd ever
heard of. I just couldn't think of it. But he said,
I've been thinking about it down here. I've talked
to Rosemary about it, and you may be surprised to
know that I am, I'm interested in talking about it.
So I said, fine. I said, we are way ahead of you. He
said, I've already got you in place. And we're
ready to go. And he said, well, I think that it's got
possibilities. And he said, we'll get together.
We'll talk about it some more when I get back to
Austin. I never did see him over this thing at this
time. But then I got the board members to say okay
and Jack said we're ready to go and how do we get
together with Frank. So I called Frank and said
look, Jack wants to meet you. How would you suggest
it? Do you want to come over to College Station? Do
you want to come over to Austin? I said Jack has to be
in Austin. a lot in business. So we could come over
there sometime and I could drive over there and the
three of us could meet. He said, that sounds like a
deal. And he picked a motel, the Vagabond Motel. It
was kind of a questionable place, but he said He
didn't want to be seen with us. That's
good. That was kind of the words he used, and I don't
want Jack Williams and I to be seen together
somewhere. He said, I've still got a job over here,
and I want to make sure that we don't make any waves.
So we met at the coffee shop of the Vagabond Hotel.
And Jack and I, I drove up to the car station, picked
up Jack, picked him up, and we met Frank for the
first time. They hit it off real well. And we were
rolling. And it really was...
There was just nothing in the road to hinder this
movement. I mean the road was wide open. And Jack
cooperated totally. The Board of Regents
cooperated totally. Frank got everything he
asked for, whatever he wanted, he got. And they
were all enthusiastic. That meant he wanted to
find more. Somebody hadn't thought of this
before. But nobody had Frank Wardlow before. This
guy was, you know, a real new marooner. And was just
a real catch. I guess anybody really would be proud
to have Frank on campus. Was there any steam, any
direction in this direction within the former
Students Association per se, through the virus?
No. They all liked Buck Shewitz. Sure. Buck came
over, and Buck was great, and Buck and Frank were
close friends. So it was easy. Whoever was a friend
of Buck was a friend of Eric Buck. Now, what about
the A&M Centennial History paper? Did that enter
into it in any way at this time, or were you even
aware that it was being developed? No. No, it
didn't have anything to do with this. Okay. It
didn't have anything to do with this. I'll tell you
another interesting thing, Tony. The first time
Frank came to College Station, he stayed, Frank
stayed at the Holiday Inn in town. And Buck was
there. Shewitz was there. He was at the old
Regent's quarters. Remember those visitor rooms
downstairs? Buck was staying there. So I drove up
and I took Rosemary and Frank out to dinner, just
the five of us. And I had Rosemary and Frank in my car
and I drove up to the side of the old Regent's
Quarters and Frank looked out the window and he
said, what is this? And I said, this is the old Board
of Regents house. It's kind of not in really too
good shape. The Board of Regents wasn't using it.
It was really not good. But she had a place, a free
place to stay. And that's where he was using the
bedroom downstairs. Well, I got out of the car and
went in, got Buck, and we were coming out the door.
And when I came out of the door, Frank and Rosemary
had gotten out of my car and had walked all the way
around the front of this house and around the back.
And he hardly spoke to Buck. I mean, he said hello, I
guess, but he said, listen, I want to know about
this house. What's it used for now? And I said,
well, it's not used for anything. I think we're
going to probably tear it down. Oh, he said, no, you
can't tear this house down. He said, this is where I
want the press. I mean, he said that. He said, this
is where I want the press. And I said, well, gosh,
Mike, I had no idea that what kind of a building a
press wanted anyway. I never thought of it that
he'd want this kind of a building. But when he, that
was the first thing he talked, when he saw Jack the
next day, he said, I found a place. That's amazing.
And that's where it was. He loved that house. His
letters were just full of that. He was so happy. He
really was. And that really did help him cement the
relationship with A&M. Everything just fell into
place. The opportunity was right. He really was
disgruntled about Texas. In fact, that's the word
he used about the faculty earlier. He said they're
disgruntled. And Spur, I think, was the
president. Yeah, that's right. That's right.
Now, one of the first things Brian did when he got
back in was got back to A&M. I bet you think it's a
good story before that. Yeah. He's organized this
advisory committee. Right, right, right. And you
are probably a bit ahead of that. I wasn't. I wasn't
ahead of it. I was long ahead of it, yeah. Okay. Now,
what was its approach? Was it primarily money
raising? Well, money raising, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
He told me about how he got these, he would get
people and they would sponsor a series. Sponsor a
series and then he would go back into it.
And I introduced him to, I guess, all the people
that did the series. Ken Montague. I introduced
him to Joe Moore, too. They have a place in Hawaii.
Frank had an art series he wanted to do and I had the
money and I had done it. But I didn't at that time
and I'm pretty well committed. You know he made
more than the R3.
Pugh? Well, he came from the DuPonté. DuPonté
introduced it to Pugh. Okay. And Pugh didn't want
his name involved. Right. That's correct. That's
correct. That's correct. He didn't want other
people getting DuPonté. That's probably what he
wanted. He just didn't want everybody
soliciting. Yeah, now with these, were you
personally involved? Oh, yeah. He was a good
friend of mine. I said, look, I want to take you to
lunch. I want you to meet Frank Wardlaw. We want to
talk about books. And he said, you know, and Frank
was, I mean, that kid was one. Where was Montague?
Was he in Houston? Houston, yeah. Okay. He was in
Houston. And he came, and I'm sure he had no idea of
ever doing anything like that either, and neither
did I. But he came up and we did it. That's another
thing that Wardolph mentioned in his letters
quite a lot, you know, Aggies, former students,
really believe this is their press. That's
correct. That's correct. They bought books. He
was enchanted with that. Right. They were
interested and they bought books. But a press,
college press, is really a hard sell. Yes, it is. It
is. Faculty don't really appreciate it. I don't
think adequately. I think you're right. I think
you're right. I think we're better known outside
the... outside of our own place and we are in the
place yeah and i think some of the letters frank's
letters are the reflex of this uh-huh symptoms
really of any
universal class well that's uh didn't know a lot of
people in Houston. In fact, they kept Tim Cannon
under wraps over there. Frank was, he really
wasn't treated as a first-class citizen. Oh, we
sure did. And he just loved it. He reported
directly to the President and everything he
wanted, he got. And he couldn't have been happier.
I'm sure he was walking into this world of academia
without a degree and all that, and you get the whole
complex as he did at Texas later. They just changed
their world beautifully. But that's what makes
Frank Wardlaw a great man. He became Dwight and
Aggie. He really did. He was a great publisher. So
the series, now the... The Centennial Series
money, I know, got dumped back into the press. Were
you involved in that decision at all? No. I don't
think of the decision to publish it, or... Well,
no, I mean funding the money. No. I mean, the
Department of Students put up $75,000, I think.
Right, I may have, you know, been there, but I don't
know, I don't have any special recollection about
that. Then another key that Frank was very
interested in, and I guess Williams, Was this
$200,000, what do you call it, revolving fund or
something? I think that came out straight out of
university. Right. That's correct. That's
correct. Do you have any recollection of that? I
just remember that that was what Board of Regents
had decided and Frank had. They approved it, but it
was Frank's number. He got the number together,
and he asked for that number, and that's what they
gave him. They gave him what he asked for. And it
kind of got spooky there, even after he got over
here. That's right. We got more. So we got more for
him. Then when, of course, we had the fire, and that
was terrible, and he lived in those open homes
there in the back. And we had a real serious time,
and Frank said, we've got to do something. He lived
in a small home, so he went back to Jack and said,
look, we need a building. Of course, we've got a
building that no other press in the country has
until this day. We've got the best looking
building that anybody, any press ever had. When
you went back to Williams now, what was the
reception when you turned to the new building?
I've got a lot of articles. It was just a moment. He
said, it's no problem. It's high on the agendas.
We're going to give you a new building. We just got
to wait for the proper time for the money and all.
There never was any question. about the new
building. Nobody said, you're going to go in the
basement of this building over here. Frank said,
no, I don't want to do that. I don't want to move. I
want to stay on the lot. The mobile home was his
idea. To stay on the site of the burned out
building. And the mobile homes were right there in
the back. And he said, we'll just stay right here.
In fact, the garage of the of the Board of Regents
Quarters was our storage books, and we get more
books now. i think about it it's just unbelievable
compared to what we've got today now frank was
planning it just kind of surprised him planning
his retirement about the day he hit yeah texas
right yeah he told me he said i was planning to
retire oh he he was uh he had this thing all figured
out what he's gonna do how he's gonna do it right and
he went down and got lloyd lineman Right. You had to
replace him. That's right. I don't even know if
Lloyd knew that at the time he was hired. I don't
know that he did either. I'm not sure. But he told me
that that would be his replacement. Yeah. Lloyd
Lyman was a great book man, and he would be his
replacement. And he was just fabulous. Yeah. I was
crazy about Lloyd, too. I'm going to go try to go out
and see him. Are you? Next month, yeah. We still
talk every day. Do you? Uh-huh. Yeah. I send him A&M
material from time to time. Really, I'll send him
this. I will. I'll send him this Texas Monthly
thing. I've got a copy that we bought, and I'll send
it to him. I'm going to send Lloyd a copy of it. He'd
like to read that. Once in a while we talk. Not a lot,
though. He called about a year ago. No, I don't talk
to him a lot, either. But I always like learning. I
do, too. Interesting guy. So the new building, I
think I'm pretty well fixed on the dedication.
They went forward and did a good job. Lloyd did a
good job. Did a good job. He really did. Wonderful
job. And that kind of surprised me, because I never
thought of Lloyd as an organization member, but he
did well. He really had a good front of the matter.
He sure did. And the dedication of the building?
Real good, yeah. Yeah, wasn't that wonderful?
That was nice of him. And Fort Auburn and the
helicopter, you remember? I don't remember the
helicopter. Ford brought a helicopter in and
everybody wanted to ride. We flew around the
campus and all. I wasn't even there. I was gone.
I've got a picture. We can't have been gone to
Europe.
We've got a big trip. Three, four...
I look at this all the time. I can't think of that
day. This is a picture of my son and I right in front
of that helicopter on that day. Oh, okay. That's
why the helicopter, the pictures are in the
archive there too. Yeah. At the print. That was
such a neat thing. He just came up with that idea and
it was just really neat. Neat idea.
He's a great guy. He's one of my dearest friends.
That's a picture of he and I over there with my bell
in the Auburn Tower. Oh, okay. My name is on one of
those bells. Is it really? I didn't know that. Most
of the bells, there are 49 bells, and I think 15 of
them have names on them. Most of them are his
family, except Jack.